everyone
I am the chief auctioneer of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
Thank you for your time.
And I'm sure you all know that.
The Great Xia Chamber of Commerce has recently obtained several rare treasures
Now entrusted
Special Charity Auction
So any of you who are interested can put up your placards.
The sale starts now
Lot 1 Song Dynasty Jade Seal
Starting price 2.88 million
3 million 4 million
Mr. Ye
This kind of warehouse pen is only used to heat up the field.
May the future be the most precious thing
I heard this time
The official family took out all their belongings
4 million time
4 million twice
4 million three times
It's a deal!
Beautiful International
Although temporarily they joined forces to deal with it
However, according to later
The funding aspect is not a problem at all
Mr. Yi, if you like anything in a while
I can come and take a picture.
Forget it, you and I are not relatives
Not so much.
This next lot
It was the king of Tokyo decades ago
A golden-winged phoenix guarding my business community
The starting price is 50 million
Here comes the big show
55 million 60 million 60 million want to take the golden-winged phoenix
A little less
70 million clowns
80 million, I took this golden-winged phoenix
It seems that this golden-winged phoenix
Destined to fall into the hands of the officials
Master Guan is so bold
80 million for the first time. 80 million
The second time 80 million the third 80 million and 10 cents